1. First of all, the Group16.zip file must be downloaded.
2. Since the project file is in .zip format, unzip the entire folder and save it on your Desktop with "Extract All".
3. There must be .fxml files, .java files, Images file and Group16.sql file on your Desktop.
4. Import the .fxml and .java files by opening a new folder named Group16.
5. There should be a Group16 folder, Images folder and Group16.sql file on your desktop.
6. Open MySQL WorkBench on your computer to transfer the data.
7. Connect to your MySQL server and select "Create a new schema on the connected server".
8. After entering the name "greengrocerapp", press the "Apply" button.
9. Then go to the Administration section and click on "Data Import/Restore".
10. Click on the "Import from Self-Contained File" option.
11. Select the SQL file you want to load. So select the Group16.sql file on your desktop.
12. Select the "greengrocerapp" schema created in the "Default Traget Schema" section.
13. Click on the "Import Progress" option and click the "Start Import" button.
14. When you go to the Schemas section and "Refresh", the data transfer to the database is completed successfully.
15. You need to correct the different Images location part. By clicking on the "productinfo" section, you can see the information of all vegetables and fruits. You click on the Imagelocation section and correct the part that looks like this "file:/C:/Users/emirc/OneDrive/Desktop/images/vegetables/iceberg.jpg" by looking at the file and checking your username and file location.
16. After pressing the "Apply" button, the file location changes.
17. Eclipse IDE opens to run the project.
18. After clicking "File", click "New > Project > JavaFX Project".
19. Enter Group16 in the "Project Name" section.
20. After pressing the Finish button, click on the application in the Group16 file.
21. After selecting Application, click "Import > File System > Browse".
22. Click on the desktop and select the Group16 folder we created.
23. After selecting Select All > Finish, for "Overwrite 'Main.java' in folder Group16\src\application?" click Yes button.
24. Click on the module.info.java file and delete it with "Delete".
25. Click on the Group16 file and click on “Configure Build Path” from the “Build Path” option.
26. "mysql-connector-j-8.2.0" should be added to the "Module Path" according to its location on your computer.
27. Then open the DatabaseAdapter.java file and check the schema name. Also correct your MySQL server connection password.
28. Click on our project and click "Run As" when you click on the "Main application" button, the "Login Screen" section of our project's interface will open.
29. When you enter your information in the interface that opens and click on the "Sign Up" button, you will see that your information has been saved in the database when you click on the userinfo on MySQL WorkBench.
30. You can use your saved information and log in with the "Login" button, or you can log in as owner with admin/admin123 information.
